This folder contains manuals, which are kind of official 
(e.g. because they were written by Kasper), but which are outdated. 

They are kept in this archive, so that we still can refer to them, 
if needed (for example, when one decides to write on a given topic 
and wants to look at stuff that Kasper may have written on that 
topic back then). 


Here is a short overview about the manuals and their content:

doc_core_tsbyex
TypoScript by example
From 2002
This document is an introduction to using TypoScript. It tries to 
get your thoughts aligned with the way TypoScript works. A lot of 
small examples are used to help you grasp TypoScript little by 
little preparing you for bigger adventures.


doc_core_tstemplates
TypoScript Templates
From 2002
A description of TypoScript templates, what it is, how it works. 
The overall basics.


doc_tut_backend
Backend Programming
From 2002
This document deals with issues regarding customization of the 
TYPO3 backend. More specifically this involves
- adding a custom database table to be edited by TYPO3.
- adding a module in the backend, in this case a submodule under 
  the Web main module.
- basing the whole thing on a standard TYPO3 installation to 
  maintain upgradeability in the future.


doc_tut_frontend
Frontend Programming (Templates, TypoScript & beyond)
From 2002
Discusses how to produce customly designed output with TYPO3 
through the use of PHP. The style of PHP coding is however 
strictly based on functions and classes and all content must be 
collected in a variable and finally returned to the TYPO3 
framework.


doc_tut_ftb1
Futuristic Template Building
From 2004
This extension is a from-scratch tutorial about how to build a 
CMS-powered website with TYPO3 based on a HTML-template and the 
extension TemplaVoila (extension key: templavoila).


doc_tut_n1
Golive Tutorial (#1)
From 2002
Describes how to create a website with TYPO3 based on an HTML 
template.


doc_tut_n2
References Tutorial (#2)
From 2002
Describes how to set up a new page design (a layout) and 
describes some image manipulation functions.


doc_tut_n3
Frames Tutorial (#3)
From 2002
Describes how to make websites with frames in TYPO3.


doc_tut_templselect
Modern Template Building, Part 1
From 2004
This extension is a from-scratch tutorial about how to build a 
CMS-powered website with TYPO3 based on a HTML-template. 
For developers on beginner level.


doc_tut_templselect2
Modern Template Building, Part 2
From 2004
This is Part 2 and 3 of the tutorial "Modern Template Building" 
from the "doc_tut_templselect" extension. For developers on 
intermediate to expert level.